.\" ngfp.6 - New Gfingerpoken manual page.
.\" adapted from gfpoken.6 - Gfingerpoken manual page.
.\" Copyright 1999-2000 Martin Hock
.\" Copyright 2005-2006 Bas Wijnen <wijnen@debian.org>
.\" Copyright 2018-2019 ant <ant@anthive.com>
.\"
.\" This file is part of New Gfingerpoken.
.\"
.\" New Gfingerpoken is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the The Unlicense and some artwork is covered by
.\" the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software 
.\" Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any 
.\" later version.
.\"
.\" New Gfingerpoken is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See The
.\" Unlicense and the GNU General Public License for more details.

.TH NGFP 6
.\" NAME should be all caps, SECTION should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parms are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.SH NAME
.PP
ngfp \- Recreate a grid of mirrors from clues
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ngfp

.SH INTRODUCTION

Suddenly, you attain consciousness.  You are faced by a grid of tiny
squares, all alike, and a sign, which reads as follows:

ACHTUNG!  ALLES LOOKENSPEEPERS!
Das rollenballenmachine ist nicht fuer gefingerpoken und widgetmoven.
Ist easy flippen der mirrorwerk, losenballen und shovenmirroren mit
slippensliden.  Ist nicht fuer gewerken bei das dumpkopfen.  Das
rubbernecken sichtseeren keepen das cotten-pickenen hans in das pockets
muss; relaxen und watchen das rollenballen.

Unable to decipher it, you begin rolling marbles at the grid, having nothing
better to do. And thus begins your pathetic adventure deep into the bowels
of Nihilism.

.SH "DESCRIPTION"

The idea for this game comes from a Windows game called "Marble," by
Analogue Software.  GFingerPoken was basically Marble, rewritten
from scratch in C for GTK and then New GFingerPoken is an adaptation
of GFingerPoken rewritten in Python.

The game starts with a default configuration, a grid and a random game 
to play.  You can adjust these if desired by pressing the configure icon 
(top symbol in the light green column).

The game grid on the left side of the screen is where mirrors from the 
right side are placed.  Any that have numbers below them other than 
Zero (0) means that number of mirrors are still to be placed.  All 
mirrors must be used to solve the puzzle.  To place a mirror click on 
it once (you do not need to hold down the mouse button) and then click 
on the grid to the left where you'd like to place it.  You can rotate 
those mirrors that will rotate by pressing the right mouse button.  
To move a mirror that has already been placed click on it once with 
the left mouse button to pick it up and then left mouse click the new 
desired location.

You can also change your mind about what mirror to place by clicking
on a different mirror.

You can throw marbles into the grid by clicking around the edges of the grid.
There are six different colored marbles.  When you click on an edge there
will be an In Arrow of the marble color to start.  Then you'll see your 
marble roll through the grid (possibly interacting with mirrors along the
way and changing directions), then you'll see an Out Arrow (maybe, some
mirrors absorb or can set up a loop which means no marble comes out).

Your job is to place all of the mirrors from the right side on the left
side of the grid and set up your grid to be the same as the output indicates, 
i.e., so your colored marble always goes out where the same color arrow 
says it should.  If a mirror has a some arrows in the center, it is
flippable; right click on it, and it will change between its states.
Furthermore, every time these mirrors are hit within the maze, either yours
or the computer's, they will be flipped also.  So your grid must be
synchronized with the invisible one.

When you think that your grid perfectly matches the output, click the
check icon and see if you were right.

In the configuration dialog you can set the relative abundance of the 
different mirror types, the size of the grid, the amount of mirrors in 
it, and how much the mirror density should vary.  You can also load and
save the configuration information or reset the values to default values.

In the light green column there are load and save icons to load and save 
existing games.

There are two indicator buttons at the bottom corners of the grid which
tell you if you are in the Guess grid (Green on the right) or looking 
at the puzzle that you are trying to solve (Pink on the left).

For quick help press the light green ? icon.  For more lengthy help
press F1, H or ?.


.SH MIRROR TYPES
.TP
.B Simple mirrors
The marble rolls toward it.  The marble hits it.  The marble
rolls in a different direction.  Very simple.  They are shaped / and \ .

.TP
.B Flipping mirrors
The marble hits it and rolls in a different direction, but
then the mirror changes shape according to its little indicator.
There are two cycle mirrors which go between / and \ shapes, and four
cycle mirrors which cycle this way: / o \ o .  (The little "o"
representing a box, coming up next.)

This is where the game begins to get devious.  Your setup must match the
functionality of the invisible one exactly.  Meaning you have to get the
alignment of these precisely perfect.  To change the alignment of one,
right click on it.

.TP
.BR Box " and " sink
Basically they are opposites.  A box will repel the marble in
the opposite direction that it came from, and a sink will "eat" the marble,
resulting in NO output arrow.

.TP
.B Axial mirrors
They will let the marble come through on one
axis (i.e. vertically or horizontally) but bounce it back on the other.
There are both simple and flipping axial mirrors for your amusement.

.TP
.B Rotators
These are quite similar to normal mirrors, only they redirect
the marble in a different sort of way.  There are clockwise and
counterclockwise varieties as well as a flipper.

.TP
.B One Way Mirrors
Only one order away from pure evil, one way mirrors will
boggle the mind for centuries if used liberally.  They are just like
normal static mirrors, except they only let the marble travel right through it
in two (perpendicular) directions and bounce it off in the other two.
These can cause an infinite loop if used wrecklessly, which the random
computer is fairly likely to do.  In that case, there is no output arrow, just
like when the marble falls into a sink.

.TP
.B PURE EVIL
There are two varieties:
fllipping one way mirrors, and moving mirrors.  Flipping one way mirrors
can flip in either a clockwise or counterclockwise direction.  Moving
mirrors, when hit, will travel one square in the direction they were hit,
after being hit, so your marble will travel as if a simple mirror had been
where the mirror was just sitting.

Finally, the colored marbles and arrows that appear next to the board are
your history.  The whole reason for the 6 different marble colors
is to differentiate your last 6 moves in the history.  Sometimes it is
possible for one to to be overwritten by another move.

.SH SEE ALSO
"blinkenlights" in the Jargon File.

.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Bas Wijnen <wijnen@debian.org>, based on
documentation by Martin Hock and then altered again by ant <ant@anthive.com>
